iPhone: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Oh hi Leticia right
iPhone: That's correct.
Dr Jameson: I had to two people in my waiting room, neither of which will have their actual name. It was like phone code and eight, whatever.
Dr Jameson: I have one person right before you and I just had to pick. So I'm going to put you back in the waiting room. If you want to disconnect for like 15 minutes so you don't waste your battery and then come back.
iPhone: And work.
Dr Jameson: Okay, sorry, like 5050 chance, man.
Dr Jameson: Been a few minutes.
Dr Jameson: I don't see you. Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Belly. Are you there.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me. Hi there.
Dr Jameson: I find that the sound it's taking longer to connect these days with, I guess, the more priority. Yes, a higher utilization of them anyway I'm good to see you. I'm so I just wanted to talk to Dave tell you, I wanted to have an appointment.
Dr Jameson: Yes, about my drug test. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I was. Yeah, I was just trying to pull it up and see if I could open the actual
Dr Jameson: Images, because I don't know but it's it had. I mean, it had all the things I expect and I sometimes do you usually test positive for THC which that's completely blurry. I can't see that at all, which I'm not, you know, I'm not saying I love that. But it's not a big deal.
Dr Jameson: But this time, it also said you tested positive for morphine.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, which I mean so like heroin gets broken down into morphine, when you when your body died.
Dr Jameson: digestive process is it so I didn't anyway. And so some other opiates also including coding. Actually, I just didn't know what if
N817: I
Dr Jameson: Want to talk to you.
N817: Yeah, how
Dr Jameson: About oh
N817: I haven't used
Good.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes, yeah.
N817: You know cuz my phone is very old.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Well, I mean, certainly, sometimes the line is super duper faint or something. And we don't, you're
Welcome
Dr Jameson: And I just want to say, you know, we don't kick people out. I guess I should make that clear from the beginning to people, but we don't kick anyone out for if
Dr Jameson: We were to have had a relapse or used. It's really more about. But let's just talk about it. What was happening, what's going on, you know, that kind of a thing we don't we don't like punish people
Dr Jameson: So I it's really more just I'd want to just check in and, is everything okay and are you are you sure there's nothing you can think of that might have
N817: Oh, no worries.
N817: Been pretty good at home.
Okay.
N817: Still as lockdown going
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Controlled so
I have
no issue with us.
Dr Jameson: So you haven't really been thinking about it okay all right i mean i i'm not i'm not gonna
Dr Jameson: Again, I can't even see those images are completely blurry picture. So I wouldn't be able to like double check. Anyway, but I have no reason not to not to believe you.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, just know that if there is ever something going on. We're here to help. Not to not to
Dr Jameson: Put you in jail or something.
Dr Jameson: That reminds me, we have. Did you ever get to your primary care and all. There was a transportation issue and then
N817: Oh no, I still got good primary care doctor
Dr Jameson: Right now you had an appointment and then the
Dr Jameson: Capital come
N817: Yeah, that one.
Dr Jameson: Are they
Dr Jameson: Are they are unwilling to reschedule you now then.
N817: Right now there. They don't want people call it in
Dr Jameson: Well, okay. Right now they're not seeing anybody, probably. Yeah.
N817: Like the over the phone things
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so that might be perfect, actually.
N817: Got a week to be able to comprehend.
Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Can you can you get an appointment doing telemedicine to
N817: Oh, so far, I have a kind of a long
Dr Jameson: Even the regular doctor that you would see in the office they they're doing. Sometimes they're doing both now.
N817: Oh,
N817: You know, I have tried to see if my insurance will cover it. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: They will, there's
Dr Jameson: There's like federal laws have been have been lifted. And it's because because of this crisis there they're
Dr Jameson: Paying doctors, the same as they would if they were seeing in the office to do a telemedicine visit and
Dr Jameson: THEY'RE WAVING regulations about having HIPAA encrypted secure winds and stuff like that. So if they're able to do if they're doing telemedicine, they should, they should be able to
Dr Jameson: Accommodate now other they're willing to do that on a brand new patient they've never met before. That's a different question, but it's worth a question worth asking.
N817: Yeah.
N817: I'll look into it.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then the other, the other thing.
N817: Go ahead.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's one thing about zoom only one person. I was gonna say we actually i i believe i don't know if they're actually all started yet. I believe there's going to be right heart has a psychiatrist now for Ohio or will shortly so
Dr Jameson: We could also oh
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I'll put you on that list of people to see they have anything better for anxiety than just Xanax isn't my favorite is, you know,
N817: There was
To it.
N817: Figured I figured out some trouble with THC.
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean,
Dr Jameson: It's not, I don't
Dr Jameson: It's kind of a gray gray area because in some places. It's not illegal anymore and
N817: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Country is not right. So,
Dr Jameson: I mean, I don't want it. So I don't like I'm not encouraging it because I feel like part of this whole
Dr Jameson: This whole
Dr Jameson: Process is to try to
Dr Jameson: You know, avoid using mind altering substances in general and kind of deal with life.
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: Life as as it comes without without, you know, numbing yourself in some way.
Dr Jameson: So I'm not. I'm not.
Dr Jameson: It's not that I'm like, it's not that I don't care at all, but it's also, it's just kind of a difficult
Dr Jameson: gray area at this point because some places it's completely legal. So how do you
Dr Jameson: Hurt. It's hard to have a
Dr Jameson: You know, super expensive.
Dr Jameson: negative reaction to that when some places.
Dr Jameson: You know it's considered i think it's i think it's a bad idea. I don't like the idea of people, inhaling anything. I think your lungs are it's not good for your body.
Dr Jameson: And it can actually cause psychiatric problems too. I know it can help with anxiety, but it can also aggravate certain things. So it has its downsides, for sure.
Dr Jameson: Do you smoke every how often are you smoking these days.
Oh,
N817: Maybe once or twice a week. Yeah.
N817: Not very often. You know, sometimes not at all. After a week or
Dr Jameson: Is it is it like a social hanging out sort of thing or is it I'm helped me sleep they would like what's the
N817: Real it's just
N817: You know, help me relax and like
N817: Sometimes I don't really smoke every day.
N817: When I used to use
N817: Barely.
N817: Turn dollars a week break apart, sometimes not even not even at all.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. Well, I mean, if we keep on keep on looking at
Dr Jameson: Other options for
Dr Jameson: Healthy will sleep and relaxation. So I know, I know you heard our, our recommendations already
N817: Called
N817: I don't know if you know he's a firefighter is like like you better be careful. He's like the Earth, you're a smoker and that co have 19 attacks. So firstly, and those folders along
Right.
N817: It's true to
Dr Jameson: Smoking anything is bad for you. Absolutely.
N817: Just from smoking cigarettes. I can tell you know it's bad for you. It's like stains my fingernails.
Dr Jameson: Have you ever seen a picture.
N817: Of what the
Dr Jameson: Lungs of lungs that are
Dr Jameson: Of smokers lungs.
N817: Yeah, it's pretty nasty.
N817: Post will be
Dr Jameson: They tell black and this girl.
Dr Jameson: Well, I was thinking a lot of our patients smoke so I maybe I'll, I'll, to give my little five minute spiel next weekend groups just to on the bow or on this subject and
Dr Jameson: I don't know if being stuck in your house with nothing else to do, is a good time to try to quit relative to others or. I mean, I know you were kind of staying home mostly anyway. But as opposed to being out and about. I'm not sure, but
N817: Some guy just knocked on the door, said the landlord sold the house.
Dr Jameson: Oh, inspecting
N817: So I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Dr Jameson: Interesting.
N817: So that's
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well, just wait and see. They're not much you can do about it. So,
Dr Jameson: Sometimes people sometimes somebody buys it with they're happy to have tenants and they want. They're using it. It's like an income rental income kind of thing. Sometimes they're planning on
Dr Jameson: And that sounds like he's in the process of selling it, because usually there's an inspection that happens before it actually gets sold. So maybe
N817: He's still on a
N817: Pre
Dr Jameson: Yeah yeah
N817: Section or something.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, there's, there's a variety, there's a series of steps that have to happen. And then there's financing and there's appraisals and anyway. So lots of times these things start and they never made they fizzle out. But I guess maybe
N817: These houses around here are so cheap to buy a house 10 $20,000
Dr Jameson: Oh my god. Oh, well I guess maybe start thinking about what you would do if you got word that you're going to be, you know, no longer able to stay there. At some point, so it doesn't completely come as a you know crisis thing but
Dr Jameson: But at the same time, wait and see. Because doesn't necessarily mean any. It doesn't even mean it's going to go through just because they're starting the process.
N817: Yeah, well, I know that my niece was down the street and she runs from him and
N817: He sold her house. Couple months ago, but they are still living there. So maybe, maybe they'll just switched over to the landlord would
N817: Would have planned I move on. And so a bigger house eventually
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, my mom was supposed to
N817: Be here. Yeah, but then this happened so know
N817: Who
N817: I was watching the news this morning and they said that Smithfield pork is shutting down all the stuff
Dr Jameson: That has happened.
Dr Jameson: Well, there was one factory anyway but it's their main one in North or South Dakota, or something.
Dr Jameson: But we shouldn't be eating that stuff anyway.
All
Dr Jameson: We shouldn't we shouldn't be eating processed ham product. Anyway, so
N817: I mean,
Dr Jameson: I think it was maybe bacon. I don't know pork products, but none of it is good for us, though.
Dr Jameson: Sorry for the people that work. I'm sorry for the people that work there. But that's it.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: Hopefully not with
Dr Jameson: People should be eating more vegetables. Anyway, so
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, I have another patient. So I'm gonna I'll let you go. But I just wanted to touch base. I don't like to call people out in the middle of group about stuff like that because I just don't
Dr Jameson: Feel like if you wanted to share and group, you would have. So if there were anything to share but um yeah so i but i just when something comes up. That's not what we expect. I, I have asked them to just set up appointments with me. So we can chat about it.
N817: Okay, yeah, and I wrote it down and I'm looking at
N817: I'm glad I called when I did. I thought I wrote a 645 the whole
N817: We can close them like six for for that so
N817: I was thinking, and I'm like,
N817: A 6.5 is kind of like
Dr Jameson: What it is kind of late. You're right.
Dr Jameson: Um, and then are you still doing counseling.
N817: Oh yeah, I still, I got an appointment coming up soon. I think a couple days. Excellent.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, make sure you know exactly what it is I it's I it's I'm running out of patience and I know that counselors are two of having people repeatedly Miss appointments like once is not great.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
N817: Okay, no, that's
Dr Jameson: That's all fun
Dr Jameson: So I would encourage if you don't, if you haven't been putting it in like setting an alarm or in a calendar or something in your phone. I really would encourage that you start doing that. So something buzzes and reminds you a day before, and then an hour before. So you're not
Dr Jameson: Accidentally forgetting.
N817: Yeah, I have to ask him really down and
Dr Jameson: See
Dr Jameson: I can. I can't find it. So,
Dr Jameson: My point exactly sure my point for me.
N817: I haven't missed the last couple
Dr Jameson: That's good. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: But it's, you know, so
Dr Jameson: Yeah yeah and i right so it's like stuff we, I get it, life happens but oh I just forgot, or I didn't write it down in a place where I would find the up you know like
Dr Jameson: Like
Dr Jameson: You know, let's be adults, like one
Dr Jameson: It says the foot, the 15th at 6pm
Dr Jameson: So, the day after tomorrow.
N817: I knew it was the next day or two. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then I will see you tomorrow group. Anyway, so that's
Dr Jameson: That down again. Okay. Do you have a calendar and your phone.
N817: I do, but my songs so Jinx see
N817: Oh crappy it's
Dr Jameson: Like, well then put it somewhere. I don't know. Well, that no need to be
N817: Like right in my pocket. I keep everything that I write down and ones or and my store.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
N817: Get to a point where I just got sacks paces, and here
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I don't know if you could like make go get a little date planner or something. I mean, I don't know, many appointments. You have to keep track of it, not me.
Dr Jameson: Put it on your refrigerator door or your mirror in your bathroom where you brush your teeth. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: To get somewhere very front and center.
N817: Yeah.
N817: All right, all right.
Dr Jameson: I'll see you tomorrow.
N817: careful out there.
Dr Jameson: Thanks. You too.
N817: Alright. Have a good day.
Dr Jameson: You too.
Dr Jameson: Hello again.
Dr Jameson: Oh hold on your sounds not in yet. There we go. I think, can you hear me.
iPhone: Perfect. Yep. I can hear.
Dr Jameson: Great. Alright, so I know you met that night at group briefly but
Dr Jameson: If you wouldn't mind confirming your name and birthday. One more time.
iPhone: Let's heal Williams June 12 1985
Dr Jameson: Your No. Hi. Oh, right.
iPhone: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you say, Let's TIA not Leticia right
iPhone: Correct. I just go by to
Dr Jameson: Okay, thank you. That's easy. All right, so, um,
Dr Jameson: I guess I that night when I was like this person's in my group, it's not the right group. And they're like, yes, yes, she is in your group. So I heard a little bit. I got a little brief background there that
Dr Jameson: This was a court related and DUI related I think right
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: So the purpose of this visit today is sort of just do a medical assessment and
Dr Jameson: Determine if there is or isn't a substance use disorder.
Dr Jameson: And then, well, most of the time, frankly, we're treating people for opioid use disorder with medication, which you probably figured out at that group, but
Dr Jameson: They actually are some medications for alcohol to so
Right.
iPhone: The wasp spoke to someone to one of the therapist, you know, they need any medication or anything like that.
Dr Jameson: Huh, well the therapist would. I mean, they, they have opinions, but they're not the at the end of the day, that's not the ones that prescribed medication. So
Dr Jameson: Right. It would be like, I'm not saying I don't I value their, their opinion. Don't get me wrong with them that decision will be made more in the medical
Dr Jameson: Side of the house, but I'm okay so let's just back up to. Are you allergic to any medication.
iPhone: Know me I'm not that I know why.
Dr Jameson: And are you prescribed any medication.
No mail.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you don't take anything
iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Good for you.
Dr Jameson: And then medical
Dr Jameson: History wise, I guess you can't have too many medical phones. If you have any medications, but
Dr Jameson: Any history of anything or operations or prior I don't know hospitalizations, or can answer anything
iPhone: No, me, I'll give
Dr Jameson: You 34 you're not anything for birth control.
No man.
Dr Jameson: She's still get regular cycles.
iPhone: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: You're so polite.
iPhone: fakes.
Dr Jameson: Alright, sorry. There is a box here somewhere hidden. I always a hard time finding that none or denies when I hit me so hard time finding it. Sorry, sorry.
Dr Jameson: Okay, perfect. And then no operations, either. He said,
iPhone: No me
Dr Jameson: I always say it's good to be boring at the doctor. I really, I
Dr Jameson: 100%. I think that's a true statement really
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: And then Matt and your family anybody with any well specifically
Dr Jameson: alcohol or drug substance abuse problems.
iPhone: No man.
Dr Jameson: Anything in general.
Dr Jameson: No, ma'am. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And are you, who do you live it.
iPhone: Up by myself pretty much roommate roommate.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And are you working these days are
Dr Jameson: Yes, ma'am. What can I do
iPhone: It's a warehouse. Warehouse work.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you have two roommates.
iPhone: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, any kids are
Dr Jameson: Low mass exodus not divorce.
iPhone: Way, of course, you got one to know
Dr Jameson: Oh, well, okay, are you divorced or just
iPhone: Just go, just go.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so no children. He said, right.
Dr Jameson: No man, I need to warehouse where. Okay, and how about do smoke cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: Yes, yes, I think you were something group of people
iPhone: Yeah, well,
Dr Jameson: How much as well.
iPhone: Oh, I bought 10 to 15 a day cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: A DAY. OKAY, and anything else they smoke or no.
iPhone: Okay. No, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Okay, how much school did you finish.
iPhone: College. I went to school for cosmetology
Dr Jameson: We don't do that now I guess no. Okay, so you graduated high school and then is it like a two year degree for the class with
iPhone: Price boy. Yes.
iPhone: Yeah. Yes.
Dr Jameson: I joined in high school and cosmetology look at
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And any history of I realized this is so
Dr Jameson: I guess it's it's kind of a loaded
Dr Jameson: Situation with the court being involved, but
Dr Jameson: I don't think, I mean, I don't want to speak. I don't want to tell you something that's not true. I'm not aware that we like send them the actual records of the content of the visits, it's really more like attendance records and
iPhone: Correct.
Dr Jameson: That they send but any. In any case, um, any history of of drug experimentation, or
iPhone: No may
Use
Dr Jameson: What's the story with alcohol.
iPhone: I just happen to end up drinking one night hadn't gone and end up getting behind a woman got all the I like a simple mistake, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm. So how often do you drink generally
Um,
iPhone: It just depends. Maybe I've been at one maybe like an eight months.
iPhone: So I'm like more like a social drinker, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Okay, when you drink. How many drinks, do you normally I know it probably varies, but on. So on average,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so two to three drinks.
iPhone: Just to mix drinks. Yes. I'm like,
Oh,
Dr Jameson: I guess it all. It also can size.
Dr Jameson: Size matters as
Dr Jameson: They say like how like normal, like you buy it at the bar.
Like
Dr Jameson: Making it at home. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah shot.
iPhone: Okay, mix it with Mikey a cranberry juice or you know whatever
Dr Jameson: You want I guess what I'm saying is, like, if it's something that's being made in someone's home. It could be, you know,
iPhone: Well, yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So are we talking about like fairly large drinks or you're talking about this.
iPhone: Regular normal drink, man.
iPhone: I'm just
Dr Jameson: Wondering, okay. And so you had the just the one DUI.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And how, when did that happens.
iPhone: I think last year sometime
iPhone: That July June know as part of the factor that like maybe September. Okay, shall be somewhere in the spring going to me somewhere in the fall on time.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and any other legal legal history or legal issues.
iPhone: No, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: So you're on.
Dr Jameson: Probation or what, what's the
iPhone: Yeah, this they court ordered me to do so I didn't have to do 30 days in jail. I took this offer to do the probation, as well as duties sessions with you guys.
iPhone: Instead of
iPhone: 30 days in jail. So that's why I'm doing these group.
Dr Jameson: Word.
Dr Jameson: Okay substances treatment, do you have to do meetings to
iPhone: My group meetings.
Dr Jameson: Like a
iPhone: No, ma'am. Just these video chats with you guys.
iPhone: And did I look at what my probation officer. I don't even. I will not reporting, so I don't go in the office to see him. So just talk over the phone like we're doing
iPhone: On the 27th this month. He told me to call me and longest I've been going to every group every week. He said, I probably won't even have to do anymore. He said he'll just have your facts and paperwork over saying you know that that's that I'm good.
Okay.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Cuz he'll have you gone to other groups because it's
Dr Jameson: Going to that one that I'm aware of. Right.
iPhone: Right, I didn't. I did. I just got the understanding. I didn't know don't want ever told me, Dr. James said that it was every week.
iPhone: I supposed to get
iPhone: In so I'm thinking after I got those two dates. I had to call back in the bright heart.
iPhone: To get more scheduled dates but Rochelle my therapist. She made it clear for me the other night that it's every Tuesday, like what I talked guys that bright heart. Nothing's clear like nothing's
iPhone: You know the communication is just not good. That's all I can say. But Rochelle did clarify for me.
iPhone: Every Tuesday at nine o'clock.
iPhone: I say we're. Thank you so much. Michelle, because you've been the most help to me.
iPhone: Since I
iPhone: Joined by heart.
Right.
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah, it's a little weird that you had the first visit with a counselor and not with, I don't know. So
Dr Jameson: I don't really know if it was because I'm not exactly sure if it was because it was a court ordered thing if that they do it differently or not, I'm not really sure.
iPhone: About what should still go to saying white man.
Dr Jameson: I don't know.
iPhone: I mean, I'm
iPhone: Doing what I gotta do. Now, just to get this done. So I can move
Dr Jameson: On yeah
Dr Jameson: Do you have your license or is that
iPhone: I have my life.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I didn't suspend that it was just
No.
Dr Jameson: I'm surprised. They're not having mandating that you go to a meeting or you can do that online to nowadays, but
iPhone: Now,
Dr Jameson: how tall you
iPhone: Are five even
Dr Jameson: And how much would you do you know how much you weigh approximately the same
iPhone: Like 150
Dr Jameson: Alright, so
Dr Jameson: If I'm I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds to me like you're kind of
Dr Jameson: Not really feeling like you have a problem with alcohol.
iPhone: No, I don't have a problem with alcohol. I know myself.
Dr Jameson: And then that's about how often you normally drink is every eight months or so.
iPhone: Yes, may I
Dr Jameson: Mean you didn't decide to stop because you were drinking more anything
iPhone: No, no, man. I just decided to make a better decision in the future will now get behind the wheel and
Dr Jameson: You know what, we're not get behind the wheel. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
iPhone: That's what I ain't
Dr Jameson: No way. We just did the word not didn't, didn't come through or something.
Dr Jameson: Right.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And we already said.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
iPhone: All right.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and your
Dr Jameson: Family's had issues with alcohol. Yeah.
Nothing.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: How about anxiety, depression, any
iPhone: Other sort of excited asking be
Dr Jameson: Good for you.
Dr Jameson: Then that doesn't run in your family, either.
iPhone: What runs in it.
Dr Jameson: Does anybody in your family have any issues with depression or anxiety or
iPhone: Other know everybody's good, man.
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I wouldn't say based on what you're telling me that there's a clear you know dependence or or anything.
iPhone: I'm a
Dr Jameson: Little worried because it's been pretty haphazard and I don't know if
Dr Jameson: I hear what you're saying about communication. So I just hope that I hope that your
iPhone: I've got the schedule net from now I've got to help me.
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay. So, and, you know, to check in at the virtual clinic.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay.
iPhone: And yes,
Dr Jameson: And you need to do that. I know you figured it up, you got here now, but it's we're doing the 915 or 1609 15 for you.
iPhone: Like playing yeah it's outside 50 for me too, but also those pieces.
Dr Jameson: California. So for them, it's, it's not
Dr Jameson: Nice. I'm used to seeing six
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you really want to be check checking in more like a 15 just to make sure there's
Dr Jameson: Plenty of time because it's been backed up lately with
Dr Jameson: Well, we have higher volume but also zoom is being used by a lot more people
iPhone: And we're all right now.
Dr Jameson: It's lower
Dr Jameson: Than you so um and then their surveys, you know about the email. Yes.
Dr Jameson: My weakness.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: I just, I mean, normally be asked to do they send anything to lab work.
iPhone: No me
iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Normally do a set of labs and drug testing.
iPhone: Yeah I don't reside in Mansfield. This is the borders took place Mansfield, Ohio.
iPhone: Not reside in Columbus, Ohio.
iPhone: Okay, so everything I went over with. I think our Jane.
iPhone: You know, that's what I was originally doing the assessment, where you know the intake assessment, things like that. She just said only thing that will be rushing mandate is to do these video zoom these video chats. I didn't have to take any drug tests or anything like that.
Dr Jameson: All right, let me just clarify with her. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: If that's something different specific because you're the only one that I've met so far that's have that that particular
Dr Jameson: Most everybody else is getting labs done. So that's why
Dr Jameson: So let me just, let me just make sure that that's not another Miss miscommunication.
Dr Jameson: If, if we do it it's we send that order to a quest lab and you go in and
Dr Jameson: It's blood in the urine test to but I'm going to ask her, and we'll clarify that and see
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm
iPhone: Not dumb trying to keep my arrangements that already have. Mr. Jamison, you know, because this is what they told me that agreement. I don't want to have to do anything extra at no last minute because I work a lot. I mean, this is already taking a lot out of my day just to do this stuff.
iPhone: Mm hmm. You know, just being, you know, ever since I started this stuff and I'm just like, I just want one final you know answer like one stay on track with this stuff.
iPhone: Right. What's the vacation is hasn't been organized at all. And that's what I explained them or probation officer said they are very unorganized. You know, I'm glad. Well, she'll got me my scheduled dates down you know cuz I'm a woman about my business. So I like to stay on task.
Dr Jameson: With everything here.
iPhone: You know, so I'm glad I know I got to do to meetings weekly. That's great. And is this is our only appointment with this individual with me and you. Correct.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so normally open. Yeah. So, depends. It depends on
Dr Jameson: Particular, obviously, everything is individual, but so most of our patients are coming to us using daily something and they're trying to stop using that so
iPhone: Right, we often. Yeah, right.
Dr Jameson: So normally this visit is about. Okay. Let's talk about that. What's the matter, what's drug and then deciding on if we're going to use a medication which we often do
Dr Jameson: And prescribing that and then the the weekly groups are a combination of support and encouragement sort of stuff. And me checking in.
Dr Jameson: Do you need to reach your health and medicine go, you know, so you're a little bit of a
Dr Jameson: I don't want to say outlier because that doesn't, that's good, but
Dr Jameson: You're a little different than the majority of
Dr Jameson: Patients, I guess so, which is not a bad thing, I think, but um
Dr Jameson: I have
iPhone: Conversations like things they were doing. They were deep kind of deep, you know,
Dr Jameson: Into right
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: All right. No, I asked all my survey. I don't know what it is.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm like,
iPhone: What is it
Dr Jameson: Well, that's good.
Dr Jameson: Um, so, I mean, so, you know, in this case.
Dr Jameson: There is going to, you know, for you, it'll be more observation and hopefully not that you hopefully don't need any discouragement from
iPhone: going down that road anyway. But if you are like thinking, hey, it sounds sounds exciting to be a drug addict.
Dr Jameson: Hopefully,
Dr Jameson: Ending yeah I'm joking. But, you know,
Dr Jameson: Give you some context for which way you do not want to go and
Dr Jameson: Correct. Um,
Dr Jameson: You know, we talked about
Dr Jameson: As I don't know. We were just at the one night, I guess. So we talked about like stress management and
Dr Jameson: You know sleep and different things that even though it may not really be completely relevant to you that art is relevant to everybody. So, you know, some of that stuff, you might still find some
Dr Jameson: Some interest or, you know, something that you could have these apply a little bit to your, to your life.
iPhone: Yeah, listen to different stories, you know,
iPhone: How people cope with their situations and things like that. I have a problem with the group.
Dr Jameson: And you might
Dr Jameson: You don't have to, but you might find, you know, if you're on your own, have a certain thing you do, and you feel stressed and, you know,
Dr Jameson: This helps me you know you can share it, throw it out there and now that sometimes that helps other people and
Dr Jameson: Right, so it's it's all, it's all meant to be.
Dr Jameson: Helpful right i mean it's not
iPhone: To be
Dr Jameson: You know, crack the whip and
iPhone: Right.
Dr Jameson: Do your
Dr Jameson: 50 lashes or whatever.
iPhone: That's right.
Dr Jameson: So I think it just I'm
Dr Jameson: Just being making sure that we're, we're really all on the same page with what's really the situation is and what what's what's required and I, I'm sorry, that if things have been disorganized. Sometimes, that is true. I'm not gonna rock enough
Dr Jameson: But I am also a little bit not I'm a little unsure about the not meeting that things have been weird for it for you from the beginning. And I feel like we kind of went backwards. And so I you may have skipped. I'm not. I don't want to, I want to confirm that. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: I'm not so sure about this not needing labs thing. I guess is what I'm trying to say. So I'm going to follow up on that.
Dr Jameson: You know, for better for worse, if you're if you're required by a court somewhere to do a program, we should do the same program that everybody else that comes into our program does. Otherwise, they could say, well, you didn't really do the program.
iPhone: So, right, right.
iPhone: Yeah, but I think is
iPhone: Based what RJ Toby was based off your assessment, you know, your intake.
iPhone: Assessment when you
iPhone: Cut me and how you answer your questions. You know, they, they base it off of that. And that's what she told me
iPhone: You know, she said. Some people do have to do drug test, some people don't. It just depends on how they answer those questions.
iPhone: In their assessment intake on
iPhone: It.
Dr Jameson: So I guess I mean I guess I would
Dr Jameson: I would consider doing some labs just are getting copies of labs. You've had recently just to confirm that in fact it. There is no reason to any lab tests and would suggest anything other than what you're
Dr Jameson: What you're telling us
Dr Jameson: When
iPhone: He by recent lab tests like what do you mean
Dr Jameson: I mean,
Dr Jameson: Had lab work done in the last six months from another doctor and
Dr Jameson: Somewhere for something
iPhone: As drug tests at a job or job.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well,
Dr Jameson: Did you for that to your future pearl
iPhone: People know I'm not required to do drug test, you don't drop. Yes.
iPhone: Oh my god like
iPhone: Yeah, I just talked to him on the phone.
iPhone: Every month and a half.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, sometimes people submit, stuff like that. Just to say like, see, and I'm good.
iPhone: No, because if you're in denial or something you think you have a problem. You know, I don't need to prove anything.
iPhone: You know, so why should I be submitted, stuff like that. I don't have to prove myself. Sorry.
iPhone: No myself.
Dr Jameson: Your you
iPhone: Know your job like see
Dr Jameson: By my father. He said this to me, he
Dr Jameson: I don't think people will look at it like that because I mean you're
iPhone: By my probation. Oh yeah, well,
Dr Jameson: I would just, I guess I would look at it. Maybe a little. I hear what you're saying, but I also can see where like, you're kind of sort of in trouble and you're trying to get yourself out of trouble and
iPhone: Right.
Dr Jameson: You know, making sure you're showing them, look, I mean I'm just in case you. I really am good.
iPhone: At
Dr Jameson: Every opportunity to show evidence that you're on.
iPhone: Yeah, he didn't ask me to go that deep. He said he, you know, just do some sessions, you know, do my weekly little group sessions and they he'll let me know what he wants me to stop them. So he makes a stop on April 27 one I haven't next appointment with I just have to see.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. And this has
Dr Jameson: To do, you're not, you said that already. There's nothing else that you've been assigned to do
iPhone: Know me
Dr Jameson: Right. Well, I would
Dr Jameson: Like to just confirm, like I said, with the back office and review our protocols to for alcohol as opposed to opiates and make sure there isn't anything else that
Dr Jameson: Where we normally do that somehow got missed for you. That's all that's my
Concern
It's not
Dr Jameson: It's not meant to be, again, it's not meant to be punitive where we're here to help and do your
Dr Jameson: Thing harm reduction is kind of our, our whole name of the game is like, you know,
So,
Dr Jameson: All right. Do you have any questions for me.
iPhone: No me how
Dr Jameson: Are you going to be continuing and individual sessions with Michelle to or just the group so
iPhone: She says she'll schedule me one more before the 20th before
iPhone: I got one more with her and then she said what depending on what my probation officer, say if they want me to continue it you know then she'll go further, you know, do like want them off.
iPhone: If not been up you know it's done.
Dr Jameson: Good. Okay. All right. Well, let's go to talk to you. I guess I'll see you tomorrow night, then
iPhone: Yes, ma'am. I will be there.
iPhone: Right, we have a blessed day, man.
Dr Jameson: Thank you, you too.
iPhone: Thank you.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi. I can't see you. So I don't know who I'm speaking with
LG Harmony 3: I'm sorry, I'm trying to get to why
Dr Jameson: Oh hi, you're back again.
LG Harmony 3: I do
LG Harmony 3: Call earlier and they, they're like,
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, they only had to thank you grab the tablet form. That's it. I was fine with that.
Uh huh.
LG Harmony 3: But me, I gave him a few hours, and they still haven't got it in in the pharmacy, they're playing plan they may need a PA for years.
Dr Jameson: Why had gotten a message about was it okay for us to rip we
Dr Jameson: That's the word substitute
Dr Jameson: one for the other. And that's fine with me. But, so you're saying you still haven't gotten you haven't been able to pick it up.
LG Harmony 3: No, ma'am. I just got over pharmacy and they don't make too many calls are actually I talked to one of your helpers and they told me to go in and join meeting and talk to you.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, it sounds like I should call the pharmacy and try to figure out what's happening.
LG Harmony 3: Now appreciate, ma'am. I love unlimited access not able to drive is in my ability and
LG Harmony 3: Only thing, right. God is coming out now.
Dr Jameson: All right, what
LG Harmony 3: Do you need the phone number for the boy.
Dr Jameson: I think I've got it. It's the Kroger right
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, so we
LG Harmony 3: Have a razor blue or
Dr Jameson: 3538 to
LG Harmony 3: 840 there's an appraiser Boulevard.
Dr Jameson: That says six
Dr Jameson: Number. Yeah.
Oh,
LG Harmony 3: We make sure about.
Dr Jameson: 263226323538 to eight for the phone number.
LG Harmony 3: 3538 to eight.
LG Harmony 3: Got
LG Harmony 3: His tail is really irritating and he
Dr Jameson: Sounds like he's in pain.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, no, I mean, I'm
LG Harmony 3: Wondering if you could, I did it all. Maybe they don't like it.
Dr Jameson: I wouldn't know. I don't think that's, I mean, if a vet does it, that's one thing but
LG Harmony 3: You know, he doing got loose. I hope I don't live in the best part of town, and he'd been out here before.
Dr Jameson: Oh, Lord.
Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: It's a nigga. He wrote town with losers records all around city.
It's
LG Harmony 3: Not always be worse but
Dr Jameson: I will. Yeah, but that sounds scary.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, let me see what's going on. If, if there's a prior off being filled out or
I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. Well, I'll, I'll follow up on that, and if it's not squared away. I'll give the pharmacy a call. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Appreciate it.
Dr Jameson: Oh, no problem. Alright, have a good rest of the evening, guys.
LG Harmony 3: Should I hear back from your interview or like
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: What's the best
Dr Jameson: I guess, I guess. Yeah. I mean, what will I'll have them give you a call when we sorted out. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
LG Harmony 3: Okay, okay.
No problem.
Dr Jameson: Okay, bye.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I had William Bajaj who is here for a follow up visit after an
Dr Jameson: Abnormal I guess drug screening results, he his wrist reported result was positive for people. Morphine THC.
Dr Jameson: benzodiazepine and morphine. So he's treated with a benzodiazepines, that was expected. He acknowledges that he smokes marijuana. A couple times a week, generally to either help relax or sleep.
Dr Jameson: But he denies any relapse, or even thinking about relaxing or desire to relapse recently. So the last morphine result is a little bit onyx unexplained. This is the first time he's had a test like that report result like that.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: Otherwise, he's doing fine. He may
Dr Jameson: His home his house. He's renting apparently is in the process, possibly being sold, but he hasn't gotten any word one way or the other about having to vacate the premises.
Dr Jameson: He has an appointment with this counselor, the day after tomorrow. He had one a week or two ago already
Dr Jameson: Mental Status physical normal or really severe
Dr Jameson: Number one, continue current Suboxone regimen comma weekly groups come individual counseling period.
Dr Jameson: It's certainly possible. This was a false a false positive results patients encouraged to to be open. If there's any issues.
Dr Jameson: And he has previously been forthcoming so I tend to
Dr Jameson: believe him.
I
Dr Jameson: Reminded him of his appointment coming up in a couple days I'll see him tomorrow and group. Then we had Lydia, although it's spelled the Tisha Williams here for history and physical
Dr Jameson: She
Dr Jameson: Had been seen a couple months ago already by a counselor and then no further.
Dr Jameson: Interaction. It happened until she
Dr Jameson: Came to a group
Dr Jameson: On
Dr Jameson: THE 31st of March.
Dr Jameson: Now she's here today for history and physical
Dr Jameson: This was apparently
Dr Jameson: This was apparently mandated by
Dr Jameson: The drug court after she had had a DUI period.
Dr Jameson: She denies any prior legal issues or previous DUIs period. She also denies any regular use of alcohol and states that this was simply a bad decision she made about eight months ago, after having a couple drinks and then driving
Dr Jameson: The nice any other substance use.
Dr Jameson: History Although she does smoke cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: I filled in.
Dr Jameson: The history, but basically no path medical surgery surgical family histories all negative she works in a warehouse, she will go to meet no children.
Dr Jameson: Of your systems is
Dr Jameson: Negative
Dr Jameson: Physical exam.
Dr Jameson: Well, mental status visible or normal assessment.
Dr Jameson: At risk alcohol use.
Dr Jameson: previous history of I guess at risk alcohol use plan patient does not appear to meet criteria for a substance use disorder come up physical dependence on substance.
Dr Jameson: Or even
Dr Jameson: Risk ease of use of a substance, according to what she's telling me, period. However, she's been
Dr Jameson: mandated to participate in our program for purpose for legal purposes, period.
Dr Jameson: I don't think she is a candidate for medication and
Dr Jameson: She
Dr Jameson: Is somewhat
Dr Jameson: averse to the concept of having labs done which is typically part of our initial assessment period.
Dr Jameson: She said that she was informed. She did not need to have blood work done. I will follow up on that, as this is not my understanding, period.
Dr Jameson: Continue weekly groups and individual counseling.
Dr Jameson: Until such time that her parole or probation.
Dr Jameson: requirements have been met.
Dr Jameson: That's the end.